Update CA1710 to allow empty suffix (#3237)
dotnet/roslyn-analyzers: docs/Analyzer Configuration.md

| Option Value | Summary |
| --- | --- |

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = MyClass->Class` | All types inheriting from' MyClass' are expected to have the 'Class' suffix |

Author: I have added single quotes around `MyClass`.

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = MyClass->Class` | All types inheriting from' MyClass' are expected to have the 'Class' suffix |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = MyClass->Class` | All types inheriting from 'MyClass' are expected to have the 'Class' suffix |
```

|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = MyClass->Class|MyNamespace.IPath->Path` | All types inheriting from 'MyClass' are expected to have the 'Class' suffix AND all types implementing 'MyNamespace.IPath' are expected to have the 'Path' suffix. |

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = T:System.Data.IDataReader->` | Allows to override built-in suffixes, in this case, all types implementing 'IDataReader' are no longer expected to end in 'Collection' |

Reviewer: I think we should not require the input to have a trailing `->`, so even the below setting should produce the same result.
```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = T:System.Data.IDataReader` | Allows to override built-in suffixes, in this case, all types implementing 'IDataReader' are no longer expected to end in 'Collection' |
```

Reviewer: Or maybe for clarity we can allow some special character after the `->`, say `_` or some such?

Author: I like the second option.

Author: The symbol `_` was a good way to express discard but the problem is that it is a valid class name suffix (in term of what is allowed) even if it's not a nice suffix.
